Contributing standards (#248)
cerner/terra-ui: src/terra-dev-site/guide/WhatIsTerra.a.guide.mdx

<div className="tui-illustration-grid">
<div className="tui-illustration-grid-col">

Terra is Cerner's open-source platform for creating web applications integrating into the Cerner application ecosystem. Built on a foundation of [React](https://reactjs.org/), Terra provides the building blocks to construct accessible single-page applications. More than just a component library, Terra offers solutions to common application problems such as internationalization, modal presentation, unsaved changes, loading overlays, and themes.

> Terra also offers a reuseable set of configurable React components to help build out applications. Similar to Apple's [appkit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit), these [React components](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/components) are designed to be building blocks that are composed into higher-order workflows and components to represent your concepts. Terra components are built to be accessible and meet Cerners exacting UX design standards.

Reviewer: should exacting be existing?

Reviewer 2: nope, i mean exacting :)

Author: I can't speak for @mjhenkes but I think he meant exacting:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4873279/77762773-05f1bf80-7008-11ea-9cd6-144197c3438f.png)

Reviewer 2: ![](https://media.giphy.com/media/B0vFTrb0ZGDf2/giphy.gif)

<div className="tui-illustration-grid">
<div className="tui-illustration-grid-col">

> Build and integrate apps with Cerner.

Reviewer: This feels like it's hanging out. Was there more or some context that was suppose to come before this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: It's intended to be the tag line of terra. Similar to Appkits "Construct and manage a graphical, event-driven user interface for your macOS app."
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit

I'm going to make it a heading to make it stand out in the doc.

> Terra is Cerners open source platform for creating web applications integrating into the Cerner application ecosystem. Built on a foundation of [React](https://reactjs.org/), Terra provides the building blocks to construct accessible single page applications. More than just a component library Terra offers solutions to common application problems such as, internationalization, modal presentation, unsaved changes, loading overlays, and theming. Terra also offers a reuseable set of configurable react component to help build out applications. Similar to apples [appkit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit), These [React components](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/components) are desgined to be building blocks to be composed into higher order workflows and components to represent your concepts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Terra is Cerner's open-source platform for creating web applications integrating into the Cerner application ecosystem. Built on a foundation of [React](https://reactjs.org/), Terra provides the building blocks to construct accessible single-page applications. More than just a component library, Terra offers solutions to common application problems such as internationalization, modal presentation, unsaved changes, loading overlays, and themes. Terra also offers a reuseable set of configurable react components to help build out applications. Similar to Apple's [appkit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit), these [React components](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/components) are designed to be building blocks that are composed into higher-order workflows and components to represent your concepts.
```

> Terra is Cerner's open-source platform for creating web applications integrating into the Cerner application ecosystem. Built on a foundation of [React](https://reactjs.org/), Terra provides the building blocks to construct accessible single-page applications. More than just a component library, Terra offers solutions to common application problems such as internationalization, modal presentation, unsaved changes, loading overlays, and themes. Terra also offers a reuseable set of configurable react components to help build out applications. Similar to Apple's [appkit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit), these [React components](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/components) are designed to be building blocks that are composed into higher-order workflows and components to represent your concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra is Cerner's open-source platform for creating web applications integrating into the Cerner application ecosystem. Built on a foundation of [React](https://reactjs.org/), Terra provides the building blocks to construct accessible single-page applications. More than just a component library, Terra offers solutions to common application problems such as internationalization, modal presentation, unsaved changes, loading overlays, and themes. Terra also offers a reuseable set of configurable React components to help build out applications. Similar to Apple's [appkit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit), these [React components](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/components) are designed to be building blocks that are composed into higher-order workflows and components to represent your concepts.
```

> Not content to stop at application construct, Terra also offers a development and testing enviroment with [terra-dev-site](https://github.com/cerner/terra-dev-site) and [terra-toolkit](https://github.com/cerner/terra-toolkit). This toolkit helps you wepback your application as well as run unit and functional testing, including accessiblity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra is not limited to application building blocks. Terra provides a development and testing environment with [terra-dev-site](https://github.com/cerner/terra-dev-site) and [terra-toolkit](https://github.com/cerner/terra-toolkit). These tools help you build pieces of your application pieces in isolation with the same webpack asset configuration. Additionally, the toolkit provides testing features for unit and functional testing, including accessibility testing.
```
